OSDOCS#6723: Included user-defined tags and labels for GCP (#63253)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-gcp-post-cluster-creation.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * installing-gcp-user-defined-labels-and-tags.adoc

> :_content-type: CONCEPT

Author: Will change it right away.

[id="installing-gcp-post-cluster-creation_{context}"]

> = Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation

Reviewer: `...after cluster creation` is not required

> = Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation

Author: But this for the post cluster creation phase.

> = Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation

Reviewer: You can mention that in the introductory statement. Heading focuses on the action unless there's a specific distinction to be made like "pre-cluster creation" and "post cluster creation" which I don't see here.

> = Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation

Author: That will make all the three new models with the same title. Since everything is for configuring labels and tags. 
And for the cluster creation phase and post cluster creation, can you suggest something?

> = Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation

Reviewer: As I am not very sure about the technical context, I think post creation is during the deployment. Kindly check with SME as to what the user is trying to do here. That will give you an idea on how to reword this.

> = Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation

Reviewer 2: `Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation` would mean updating tags or labels post cluster creation, which is not supported. Could this is updated to mean `querying or reading tags and labels configured during cluster installation`?

> = Configuration of labels and tags for GCP after the cluster creation

Author: Acknowledged.

After creating the {product-title} cluster, you can access the list of the labels and tags defined for the GCP resources by referring to the new fields, `.status.platformStatus.gcp.resourceLabels` and `.status.platformStatus.gcp.resourceTags` present in the `infrastructures.config.openshift.io/cluster` object.

> .Sample `infrastructure.yaml` file

Reviewer: This should be an action for the user IIUC.

> .Sample `infrastructure.yaml` file

Author: Ack.

> .Sample `infrastructure.yaml` file

Author: Changed accordingly to 
"After creating the {product-title} cluster, you can access the list of the labels and tags defined for the GCP resources  in the `infrastructures.config.openshift.io/cluster` object as shown in the following sample `infrastructure.yaml` file."

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.openshift.io/v1
kind: Infrastructure
metadata:
 name: cluster
spec:
 platformSpec:
   type: GCP
status:
 infrastructureName: <cluster_id><1>
 platform: GCP
 platformStatus:
   gcp:
     resourceLabels:
     - key: <label_key>
       value: <label_value>
     resourceTags:
     - key: <tag_key_short_name>
       parentID: <OrganizationID/ProjectID>
       value: <tag_value_short_name>
   type: GCP
----

> <1> The `cluster_id` parameter has the value of `.status.infrastructureName` present in `infrastructures.config.openshift.io/cluster`.

Reviewer: with reference to the above sentence.

```suggestion
<1> The `cluster_id` parameter has the value of `.status.infrastructureName` present in `infrastructures.config.openshift.io/cluster` object.
```

Reviewer: Is this something that user has to do or will be auto-populated?

Author: It is not auto-populated.

Reviewer: Then reword:
```suggestion
<1> Specify the value of `.status.infrastructureName` present in `infrastructures.config.openshift.io/cluster`.
```

Author: My apologies for the confusion. It is auto-populated. I was about to change the comment. So I will keep the sentence the way it is.
